Peace be upon you and the mercy and blessings of God. And
upon you be peace.
[Clears throat] I seek refuge in God from the accursed Satan. In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. [Singing] [Clears throat] And
those who do not expect to meet Us will say, [Singing], “Why were not the angels
sent down to us,
or why do we not see our Lord?” They have certainly become arrogant
within themselves. [Singing] And
they have transgressed
greatly. The
Day they see the
angels, there will be
no good tidings for the
criminals. [Singing] And they will say, “A
forbidden barrier!
” And We will present to them what they have done of deeds and make it as
dust scattered. [Singing] The
companions of Paradise will be in a
better abode and a better resting place. [Singing] And the Day
the sky will split open with clouds. [Singing] And the Day the sky will split open with clouds, [Singing] And the
angels will descend in successive ranks. [Singing] The true dominion on that Day belongs to the Most Merciful. And it will be a difficult Day for the
disbelievers. And the Day the wrongdoer will bite his
hands. [Singing] And the Day the
wrongdoer will bite his hands,
saying, “Oh, would that I had taken a path with the Messenger!
Oh, woe to me! Would that I had not taken so-and-so as a friend! He led me astray
from the remembrance after…”  When
Satan came to me, and Satan is ever a betrayer of man.
[Singing] And the Messenger said, “O my Lord, indeed my people have abandoned
this Qur’an.” [Singing] And
thus We have made for every prophet an enemy
from among the criminals. [
Singing] And sufficient is your Lord as a guide and helper.
[Singing] And those who disbelieved said, “Why was the Qur’an not revealed to him all at once?” [Singing]
Thus [it was revealed] that We may strengthen your heart thereby and recite it with measured recitation. And they will not bring you any argument except that We will bring you the truth and the best explanation. [Singing]
Those who are gathered on their faces to Hell - those are the
worst in position and the most astray in way. In
the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful.
Praise be to God, Lord of the worlds. And I pray and send peace upon the noblest of
prophets and the leader of messengers, our Prophet,
our beloved, our leader, and the delight of our eyes, Muhammad ibn
Abdullah, upon him and his pure family and
his noble companions, the best of prayers and peace be upon them. By the grace of God, the Most High, the Most High,
the Mosque of Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him and his family and companions.
Praise be to God, then praise be to God. God, the Most High, the Most High.
Amen. I
ask God, the Blessed and Exalted,
God, the Mighty and Majestic,
God, the Most High.  Allah, the
Most High,
Allah, the Most High,
Allah, the Most High, Allah, the Most High, He is the One, O
brothers,
Allah, the Most High, hasten, and bless us to this, God, all, God, the Most High ...
[Singing] The
Quran of
Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him. God,
the Most High, God, a Book We have revealed to you so that you may bring people out of darkness into light, to bring people out of darkness into light by the permission of their Lord, by the permission of their Lord, to the path of the Almighty, the Praiseworthy. Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him. God, Blessed and Exalted is He. God, hasten the darkness. God, the Mighty and Majestic,
Quran.
Or is one who was dead and
We gave him life and made for him a light by which
to walk in the Fire?
God, the Most High. And thus We have revealed to you a spirit [singing] from Our command. You did not [singing] know what the Book was, nor faith, but [singing] We have made it a light by which We guide whom We will of Our servants [singing]. And indeed, you guide [singing] to a straight path [singing]. God, Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him, a
spirit, the Quran of God, Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him.
Whoever
people and you and the mercy of the Quran and the blessing of the Quran and all the goodness in the Quran, be those who make it to understand the Quran because the Quran was not only
revealed
for us to recite and for us to memorize,
it was revealed so that  We understood,
peace and blessings be upon him,
God Almighty, the
Quraysh.
So what have they,
even though they knew this was the truth,
they to re, they to use it, they to do everything they could to stop it, but it wasn't
working. They made
people,
peace and blessings be upon him,
outside the mosque of the
Kaaba.
In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. By the star
[singing] when it sets,
your companion has not gone astray, nor has he erred, nor does he
speak
[singing] from [his own] desire. It is not but a revelation revealed. This is a warner [singing]
from the first warnings. The Hour
has drawn near, a procession for which there is no [singing]
except God to reveal it. So at
this statement do you wonder
[singing]
and laugh and
not weep
[singing] while
you are? So
prostrate to God and worship. Verse of
Surah An-Najm,
prostration of recitation, peace and blessings be
upon him,
prostration
over them because
it is over the
submit because this is upon the heart of the Prophet, it addresses the hearts, the hearts recognize it, and then when the heart recognizes it, the
heart is the king of
the limbs, so all of them submitted
and they went to prostrate for that is the
power of  The Quran, and that's exactly
what it did to them, to the extent that
those who migrated to Ab, they heard that
Q Muslim that spread because they
thought they embraced Islam after they were
allrated, but that was not the case, but that's
the effect that the Quran has on an
individual; it will overpower you, it will make
you submit, it will make you one who submits
to Allah, and that's precisely
what happened because it tells us
[singing] that he was present or
gave ear while he was a witness to the
Quran, a
sound, a heart that is filled with
faith, that is the one who truly benefits
from the Quran, but what else is required? And he
listens attentively to the Quran, he
lends his heart to the Quran, he raises his heart to the Quran because the Quran is the way to
the heart. While he is present, he is not absent-minded;
his heart and mind are present
when he is listening to the Quran.
Allah, the Exalted and Majestic, and indeed, it is a revelation from
the Lord of the worlds. [Singing] The
Trustworthy Spirit brought it down
upon [singing] your heart, that you may be among the warners,
[singing] in a clear
Arabic tongue.
Allah revealed it to
Muhammad, peace and
blessings be upon him.  And peace be upon you.
Arabic
language,
but you know what is meant, and even if you don't understand
the Quran and you don't understand the verses of the Quran, it will affect you when you listen to it. And you're listening attentively,
and perhaps you don't understand the verses,
the meaning of the verses, but
you feel something in your heart, you feel something move. That's the effect of the Quran. And it happened in the time of the Prophet, the Companions,
they went
to
the king of, who was a king, who
was Negus, Amr ibn Aas, may God be pleased with him, Shia,
Maryam, Jesus, peace be upon him,
Jaafar ibn Abi Talib, may God be pleased with him, O Jaafar, Jesus, Jaafar, Maryam, Jaafar, Jaafar,
Surah Maryam, In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. [
Singing]
Kaf,
Ha. [Singing] O Ain,
Sad.
Remember the mercy of your Lord, His servant Zechariah,
when he called upon his Lord. [Singing] A hidden
call: My
Lord, indeed my bones have weakened, and my head has turned white with age, and I have
never been unhappy in my supplication to You, my Lord.
He said, "Indeed, I am the servant of God." [Singing]
He came to me  The Book, and He made me a prophet
and made me blessed wherever I am.
He enjoined upon me prayer and charity as long as I live, and dutiful to
my mother. He did
not make me a tyrant or wretched. Peace be upon me the
day I was born, and the day I die, and the day I am raised
alive.
That is Jesus, son of Mary. The word of truth about which they
dispute. It is not for
God to take a son. Glory be to Him!
When He decrees a matter, He
only
says to it, "Be," and it is. And God is my
Lord and your Lord, so worship Him.
This is a straight path. The
Negus,
Jesus, peace be upon him. God Almighty, made me a prophet and made me blessed wherever I am. He enjoined upon me prayer and charity as long as I live, and He commanded me to be dutiful to my mother. He never made me one who is unfortunate or one who is full of
grief. And peace be upon me the day I was born, and the day I die, and the
day I am resurrected. The Negus, Ja'far, may God be pleased with him,
became
before the eslated to him. That's how he
He reacted without actually understanding
the meaning of the verses because the
verses of the Quran touched him. Then,
when it was translated for him and he
understood what the verses meant, he
said to them that we believe the exact
same thing regarding Jesus, even though that's not what they believe. His priest
and his monks all started
making noise because they knew that's not what you believe. They are trying to object, but they can't object to the King. That's the effect of the Quran. There was one who didn't understand it. So imagine when you understand the Book of Allah, how it will transform your life, how it will completely change you. And it happened that he came with the intention of harming him. Great, upon him be peace. In the name of
Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. [
Singing]
And a Book
concealed
on parchment [Singing] unfolded. And the
frequented House, and the raised roof, and the
overflowing sea. Indeed, the
punishment of
your Lord will surely come to pass. There is no [singing] to avert it. On
the Day when the sky will be in violent motion [Singing] and the
mountains will move with a [
singing] movement. So woe on that Day [Singing] to the
deniers.
Peace and blessings be upon him.
Or do you command them to do
this?
Or are they a people  Are they
tyrants [singing]
or do they say, "He says
it"? Rather, they
believe [singing].
Then let them produce a
hadith
like it if [singing] they are truthful.
Or were they created from nothing? Or are they the creators? Or did
they create the heavens [singing] and
the
earth? Rather, they are not certain [singing]. Or do they possess the treasures of your Lord? Or are they the controllers [singing]? Or do they have a ladder by which they listen [singing]? Then let their listener bring a clear proof. Or were they created from nothing? Or did they create the heavens and the earth? They are not certain [singing]. The
Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, almost made my heart fly away. I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, and I bear witness that the Messenger of Allah is an enemy of the Prophet. He who loves the theology of Allah and the Prophet, that's the one who completely transformed his life just by hearing a number of verses because they understood it. Allah, Blessed and Exalted is He,
never enjoy the Quran because the enjoyment of the Quran and the sweetness of the Quran is in understanding it. When
you understand the Quran, you enter
a completely different world. You are
granted access to a world that you never had access to.
You're going to
experience something that  You never
experienced this before because you need to understand the
Quran. That's what happened to
the people of Mecca. That's what happened to the Companions. They were like
Umar ibn al-Khattab, may God be pleased with him. He was a man who stood firm at the
Book of God. He was a man who stood firm at the Book of God, may God be pleased with
him. Who is that man? Yes, because of his strength. He was a man who stood firm at the Book of God, may God be pleased with him. And when he came to the Quran, he would immediately stop. When he became a man, he made all his ministers and the people advise him. So one day, an advisor came to him, may God be pleased with him, may God be pleased with him, may God be pleased with him. [Snoring
sounds] The
advisor was going to beat him black, blue,
and yellow,
but it turns out that the new of this
man is one of the advisors. So the new one
wants to see his uncle beaten up. So what does he do?
He says, "Take what is offered with kindness and show it to
God,
O Commander of the Faithful, Umar, may God be pleased with him."
[Clearing his throat] May God be pleased with him. He was a man who stood firm at the Book of
God. Umar, may God be pleased with him, said, "The
punishment of your Lord will surely come to pass; there is no repelling it."
May God be pleased with him. He
became sick, and people would visit him
in his house. They thought that  He became
ill naturally, sick naturally, but he
became sick because of how much that shrouded him
and struck his heart.
This is how people with the Qur'an
have an extraordinary relationship
with the Book of Allah.
And why was that case? Because they inherited
that from the Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, may
God bless him and his family and companions and
grant them peace. God, the Blessed and Exalted, says: "If You
punish them, they are Your servants, and if
You forgive them, You are the All-Mighty, the All-
Wise."
God, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise, the All-Powerful, the All-Wise, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise, the All-Glorious, the All-Wise, the All-Mighty, the All-Wise, the All-Glorious ...
bas
the qu be present in the way you speak
in the way you act the way you conduct
yourself the way you treat people the
way you are with your family the way you
are with your companions the way you are
the house of the way you are in the
maret the qur and the e of the quran
should be present in every aspect of life
because that's what it is It is
me to beid part of our lives.  We
me to act upon it by it we meant to ask
ourselves before we do anything.  What
does the Qur’an say about action?  Is it
recommended in the Quran?  Is it
commanded in the Quran?  Or is it
prohibited?  Or is it disliked?  What does
the Qur’an say about it?  What does Allah
say about it?  That is the way the
believer lives.  Before he does anything,
he asks himself, what does Allah say
about this?  I don't ceed Allah with any
act before I know what Allah has said
about it.
God Blessed and Almighty, may God bless him and grant him
peace, is a
reader of the Qur’an and
the Qur’an is cursed
by telling
you
say do not do this you do it you contradict the Qur’an you do not act upon the qu you abandon the
teachings of Ran
and the Ran is cing you and the propet is
an argument
or upon you is the Qur’an on
the Day of Resurrection.
His companions, may God be pleased with them,
Aisha, may God be pleased with her,
used toach some of the book of God and
teach them a number of times and tell them
go what you
came back to her earlier than usual and
he said to her I want to learn more said
to him have you impemented what I have t
you he said not yet then she said to
him
why are you increasing the evidences of
Allah against yourself
that is not to discourage us from
learning to encourage us to learn and to
also implement what we learn that is
what the objective is behind
Not to say no rather stay ignorant so
that there's no evidence against me no
because not permitted for you to remain
ignorant when you have  access to
knowledge rather you are commanded to
learn and to educate yourself and to
increase your knowledge and to also act
upon that knowledge and to live by it
and to call others to it and so
the Quran the book of Allah if I was to
talk about it I can talk about it for
hours and hours and hours but I feel
like you getting agitat getting tired h
is going to stop talking right
you guys had enough or should I carry on
you want me to carry on you
no you don't want me to carry on
put your hands you want me to carry on
the sister all the hands down the sister
you guys so we  stop in, God willing, may
God reward you with good, hon ors or
ok, God willing, God Almighty,
God is blessed and exalted, the
Qur’an of
God Almighty, mm
and God Almighty explains to us what
our state should be asl in the word we are
slaves of God that is the word
that is used for a slave we need to
understand what it means to be a slave
to
a slave is one that when he commanded to
do
openings
are all disregarded when it comes to the
command  that's how we to be a com of being
a Muslim it means that you submit to the
commands  Of Allah, you surrender to Him and
do not follow the footsteps of Satan. [Singing]
He is to
you a clear enemy.
Allah, you submit to
Him. The total
aspect of Islam is that you accept it, abide by it, live by it, and do not
follow the footsteps of Satan. Allah is good. It is not for a
believing man or a believing woman,
when Allah and His Messenger have decided a matter, that they should [thereafter] have any choice about their
affair. Allah is
not.
And
I immediately
understand that. I have no choice. I have something to say when it comes to what Allah has commanded us:
your prayers, your prayers on time,
being dutiful and good to your family, etc., all
the obligations of Allah, fasting,
and so on.
When you tell
Allah, say
not to do what Allah has commanded me to
do, basically saying, for the punishment
of Allah and the Hellfire, that's what
you basically say. Other words, the more you understand that,
and they took it very
seriously. Allah commands them to do
something, and as soon as they
had the command, they did
it without delay. Anas Malik, may Allah be pleased with him, says that he was with
some
companions and they were drinking alcohol. He
was pouring wine for them. This is to
the prohibition of alcohol and then
he said that as I was pouring for them
we heard a caller calling out saying
that Allah has prohibited alcohol he
said that all theets of medina were
filled with wine and those companions
who drank the alcohol pri to know it's
haram who are not even going to be asked
about that they made it themselves out
how father went of
she says that when the of
wased the women
they went home and they instantly went
and covered upovered up to the extent
that people were walking around nobody
said one  last day I'm going to dress
however I wish no commanded I do it instantly
It was in the market that was named
Abdullah Abdullah
O Messenger of God,
sit
where he was, smiled and said him
God increase obedience how father, may God bless him and grant him peace
to seriously
for instance
if an individual was sentenced to death
by a court they were on death road and
the judge told him that you're going to
be executed in 5 days
that prisoner who going to be executed
in 5 days those last days of his life
how are they going to be going to be
perhaps the best days of his life
because he's going to take it extremely
seriously every moment is going to count
he's  going to cherish every moment he's
going to do that which is priority what that
which matters and everything that does
n't matter he toide because he knows
he only has 5 days limited time he knows
he going to meet Allah soon therefore
I'm going to do that which is going to
get me something with
what we must all know dear
date
as ifec day and going to this world
don't delay a deed for the next day or
the next hour do it instantly because
ask yourself if my soul was to be taken
at this moment in the state  I'm in And
the way I'm right now,  Am I in a state
that pleases Allah?
If my state is not a state that pleases
Allah,
I must do something about it instantly.
I must repent to Allah.  I must turn back
to him.  I must correct my state I must
correct my state
why?  Because
you love Allah.  We are all Muslims.  We all
love God.
Allah, the Blessed and Exalted,
someone,
Allah, the Majestic, the Most High,
Allah, the Most High, He
asked you why you are doing this. Your answer should be because I love and because I want to attain the love of Allah,
and you have that mindset
because I love Allah, the Most High, Allah,
love Allah, if you die in Allah, you will be
among those who want to be right. That is
what the Qur'an is
commanding us to do, and that's how you apply the Qur'an to your life. We ask to forgive our sins, we ask to have mercy on us, we ask to guide us and increase us in guidance and to guide
others to
Allah, the Blessed and Exalted,
people, Allah, the Majestic, the Most High, Allah, the Most High,
make those people,
Allah, the Most High. O Allah, we
ask You for guidance, piety, chastity,
and contentment. O Allah, grant our souls their piety, purify them, You are the
best of those who purify them,
You are their Guardian and Master. O Allah, we ask You for the means of
Your mercy and the resolve of Your forgiveness, and the reward of every good deed, safety from
every sin, and success in Paradise and salvation
from Hellfire. O Allah, we seek refuge in You from the loss of Your blessings.
And suddenly Your wrath, and the withdrawal of Your favor, and all Your displeasure. O Allah, we
ask You for the life of the blessed, the abode of the martyrs, and to be gathered with the righteous and in the
company of the prophets.
We seek refuge in You, our Lord, from the hardship of affliction, the depths of misery, the evil of destiny, and the gloating of
enemies. O Allah, we ask You for Your love, the love of those who
love You, and the love of deeds that draw us closer to Your love. O Allah, make
faith beloved to us and adorn it in our hearts, and make disbelief,
wickedness, and disobedience hateful to us, and make us among the rightly
guided. O Allah, O Guardian of Islam and its people,
keep us steadfast in Islam until we meet You upon it. O
Turner of hearts, keep our hearts firm upon Your religion. O Director of
hearts, direct our hearts towards Your obedience. O Allah, help us to remember You, to thank You, and to worship You
well. O Allah, help us and do not help against us, grant us victory and do not grant victory against us, plot for us and do not plot against us, guide us and make
guidance easy for us, O Lord of the worlds. O
Allah, suffice us with what is lawful from what is unlawful, and enrich us with Your bounty
from all others besides You. O Allah, forgive us for what we have done before and what we have done after, what we have concealed and what we have made public, and what
You know of us.
You are the One who brings forward and You are the One who puts back. There is no god but
You. O Allah, grant glory to Islam and the Muslims. O Allah, grant glory to
Islam and give victory to the Muslims, and humiliate polytheism and
the polytheists. Destroy Your enemies, the enemies of the religion, and protect
the realm of Islam and unite their word upon the truth, O Lord of
the worlds. O Allah, grant victory to those who support the religion and forsake those who
forsake the religion, O Lord of the worlds. O Allah, grant victory to our
oppressed brothers everywhere. O Allah, be for our
oppressed and persecuted brothers in the land of
Palestine. O Allah, be their helper, supporter, and defender. Relieve their distress, ease their suffering, heal their wounded,
cure their afflicted, cure their sick, have mercy on their dead, feed their hungry, clothe their
naked, and accept all their martyrs as
helpers, supporters, and defenders. O Allah, O Avenger, O Almighty, deal with Your enemy and their enemy. Revealer of the
Book, Controller of
the clouds, Vanquisher of the confederates, defeat them, shake them, and
unsettle them, O Strong, O Mighty. O Allah, count them one by one, kill them utterly,
leave none of them behind, scatter their unity, divide their gathering, and cause
discord among their hearts.  Shake the earth
beneath their feet and turn the circle of evil against them by Your
might and power, O Mighty, O Exalted. O God, do not
raise their banner nor grant them their goal, and make them a lesson and a sign for those who come
after them. O God, show us Your
wonders of power in them, show us Your great punishment in them, for they have
transgressed in the land and spread corruption therein, so pour down upon them a severe
punishment. O God, show us a
dark day for them like the day of 'Ad and Thamud. O God, have mercy on the entire nation of
Muhammad. The affliction has intensified upon us, the affliction has been prolonged upon us, the trials have increased upon us, and the
nations have conspired against us. To You we complain of our weakness, our lack of resources, and our humiliation
before people. O God, if Your
wrath is not upon us, then we do not care, but Your forgiveness is more encompassing for us. To You we turn
until You are pleased, to You we turn until You are pleased, to You we turn until You are pleased. There is no power nor
strength except with You. O God, do not delay
victory because of our sins or because of what the foolish among us have done. O God,
return the Al-Aqsa Mosque to the embrace of the
Muslims. O God, liberate the Al-Aqsa Mosque and grant us
prayer in it before death, O Most Merciful of the merciful.
O Allah, forgive our parents. O Allah, have mercy on them as they raised us when we were young.
Reward them for their good deeds with goodness, and for their sins with pardon and forgiveness. O
Allah, whoever among them is alive, grant them a long
life, make their deeds good, and grant us and them a good end. And
whoever among them has
passed away, shower their graves with mercy,
expand their graves as far as the eye can see, and make their graves a garden
from the gardens of Paradise. Gather us with them in Your Gardens of
Bliss. O Allah, make us among those who are righteous and good through them, and
do not make us among those who are disobedient and rebellious. O Allah, heal their sick. O Allah, heal their sick. O Allah, heal their sick. O Allah, have mercy on their deceased. O Allah, grant health to those afflicted. O Allah, provide for their poor. O Allah, guide their lost. O Allah, they were good to us, so be
good to them. O Allah, they honored us, so honor them. O Allah, they were kind to us, so be kind to them. O Allah, they showed us mercy, so have
mercy on them, O Lord of the Worlds. Our
Lord, do not let our hearts be hardened after You have guided us, and grant us
mercy from Yourself. Indeed, You are the Bestower. Our Lord, grant us
good in this world and good in the Hereafter.  And protect
us from the torment of the Fire. Our Lord, grant us from our spouses and offspring comfort for our eyes
and make us leaders for the righteous. O Allah,
make us among those who call upon You and You answer them, who seek Your guidance and You guide them, who seek Your help and You help them, who seek Your forgiveness and You
forgive them. O Allah,
we seek refuge in Your pleasure from Your wrath, in Your forgiveness from Your
punishment, and in You from You. We cannot enumerate Your praises; You are as
You have praised Yourself. O Allah, let us reach Ramadan. O Allah, let us
reach Ramadan. O Allah, let us reach Ramadan while we are in
good health, well-being, and faith. O Allah, our Lord, accept from us,
accept from us the little we do, and
do not hold us accountable for our shortcomings. Cause us to die as Muslims and
join us with the righteous.
Our final supplication is that all praise is due to Allah, Lord of the worlds. May Allah's peace, blessings, and
mercy be upon our Prophet Muhammad and upon his family and companions.
May Allah
reward you.
The question was: What do you recommend
for those who do not understand the
Arabic language?
I recommend them to learn the Arabic
language
and the question that follows that if it
is how does one learn Arabic?
Just like any other language anyone who
learned a language would tell you that
in order to learn it you must immerse
yourself in that language.  So you must
have a systematic program that you're
following where it teaches you
of course but that's not sufficient.  You
must create for yourself an environment
where you're constantly hearing the
language, you're constantly speaking it,
you're constantly reading it, etc.
Because that will help you pick it up
faster and also allow you to develop
the language skills a lot faster
and also it will help you interact with
the Qur’an a lot better.  So of course
that's how you learn the language.  So
learning the language is essential.
However, in the meantime for the one who does
n't know the Arabic language
what I do recommend is that you look at
the transition of the Quran.
May
God grant you
understanding,
God willing,
Sheikh Muhammad.
Yes.
How do you quicker?
Perfectly
perfect imperfect beings.  But how is the
Quran?  Well,
memorize the Quran in order to learn the
Quran firstly, you require a teacher.
It is unheard of that one has learned
the Quran by themselves.  It is
impossible.
It's impossible to learn the Quran by
yourself.  Why?  Because the Quran was
transmitted to us all through teacher to
student teachers student even the
prophet he was told the Quran by Jbril
because there are certain things in the
Quran that are not actually said
notited.
God said, "O our father, why do you not trust us
with Joseph? Why do
you not trust us
with Joseph?" (
Quran is
obligatory.) You can't leave it.  If you leave
it, you leave the part of the Quran
silent.  You don't hear it, you see it.
It's part of the Quran.  How are you going to
learn that?  Teacher.
Therefore, you have to learn the Quran
from a teacher.  That's the first thing
who proficient in the Quran.  That's the
first thing.  Secondly,
that teacher should not be any teacher.
He should be a teacher who also teaches
you how to develop the character of the
Quran.  Because there's no point
memorized the Quran when everything you
do and everything you say contradicts
the Quran.  So this teacher also be a
teacher of the Qur’an. Secondly, when it
comes to the Qur’an itself, there are a number of steps
that one should take in order to achieve it. The first step is that you have sincerity. The more you are sinning, the more you are trying to
make it easier, because Abdullah Abbas, may
God be pleased with them both, said, “A
man is protected according to his intention.”
Based on his intention,
the more you
enable
someone who is carrying this sin, that’s
the first. Secondly, the Qur’an
requires a lot of
exposure to it, that you are
listening to it a lot, that you are reading it a lot, that
you are listening to the Qur’an.
Mahmoud Khalil Manawi, Surah Al-
Fatihah, Surah Al-Fatihah,
Malik Yawm ad-Din, Al-
Fatihah,
Surah Al-Fatihah, Qur’an,
Al-Fatihah,
supplication.
Ask God,
make God, make people, every
you, make your way to God Almighty.
God Almighty is good.
How is it? Why would
you? Why would you? The obligations are also notarized right.
If you mean your life, things
that you seek, which are based on your
obligations to God, how do I balance the
two? I say to you again, why separate them?
The idea of ​​separating them is what causes a
problem. If you have the mindset that I'm
going to make my life as well won't be any different, remember Allah when studying, when working, when eating and drinking, when having fun with
your friend, what is your intention when I sleep? Remember Allah, Jabal (may Allah be pleased with him), consider my sleep as I consider my waking.
Remember Allah, the Blessed and Exalted. Night prayer means night prayer. Remember Allah, the Blessed and Exalted. Remember Allah, the Blessed and Exalted. Remember Allah, the Wise ...
jannah
he bought it from the man instantly when
he bought it from him for a lot of money
it was very expensive then what did he
do he could have kept it and benefited
from it and charged people to drink the
water right no he made it aq for Allah
endowment
Lahaqf
Othman
1400 yearsthen Affan Othman
Affan
all years later to the except that the
ministry the Saudi Arabian ministry of
environment and and and water you know
they did they needed to use that well
they needed to use that water you  know
what they to do they had to go to the
Ministry of Islamic Affairs windows
and ask for permission to rent it from
them and pay the for that money so it
goes back to the Muslims that wealth
and still get that is someone who invuse
tove the mindset we have best we take
from the sisters any other question
sister have no
Please, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him
Sorry I understand the question the
Are you asking is obligatory to say
that?  Is that what you're asking?
Oh, why do we have to repeat it?  Because
God never commanded us to do that.
Because God never commanded us to
repeat that.
Prayers upon the Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, may
God bless him and his family and companions and grant them peace. The miser has been with him and has
not prayed upon him personally. May God bless him and grant him peace.
Amen,
O Messenger of God, peace be upon
him.
God is Most High, Most Great, Most Blessed and Exalted. One
of both
parad
was
and thees
and not.
We take as
any other yes.
How do you speak to others?
God tells you not to speak but choose
all the good things you will say.
And speak to people good words.
God, peace and blessings be upon him, created people with good character. God, Blessed and Exalted is He, says:
Invite to the way of
your Lord with wisdom and good instruction, and argue with them in the best way. God, to the path of your Lord, to the way of your Lord with wisdom and good instruction and good speech, and even if you are going to debate with them and argue with them, debate with them in the best way with the best speech, and so on. That's the way the believer is. The believer is consistent in his character throughout everything. He does not have inconsistencies in his
character, and the
best way that an individual develops that
consistency is through the Quran.
God, Blessed and Exalted is He, says: Praise be to God who revealed
the Book to His servant and did not make it crooked ...
So it's a matter of learning more and
understanding it and imposing it as
command to do and Allah's best.
Oh
God, may
God bless and exalt Him,
swearing by other than
what does
people say in this language,
meaning what is her sin?
God, yes, that's it, God willing. May God reward you. Glory be to You, O God, and praise be to You. I bear
witness
that there is no god but You. I seek Your forgiveness and
repent to You. May
God reward you. May God reward you,
Professor Yahya.
God, the Most High, the Most Exalted,
start
a new chapter from
the
chapter. The
Quran,
meaning may God reward you.
Meaning, peace and blessings be upon him.
Our hadith: God. The example of the one who
remembers his Lord and the one who does not remember his Lord is
like the living and the dead.
God,
the Quran and its mercy.